capital = 44

OOB = "ALB_1936"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
}

recruit_character = ALB_king_zog
recruit_character = ALB_enver_hoxha
recruit_character = ALB_xhemal_aranitasi
recruit_character = ALB_eqrem_belishi
recruit_character = ALB_tefik_mborja
recruit_character = ALB_halil_nergutti
recruit_character = ALB_ismael_ghaxa
recruit_character = ALB_hajre_fetahu
recruit_character = ALB_xhelal_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_selim_moishiou
recruit_character = ALB_kol_bibe_mirakaj
recruit_character = ALB_qemal_komani
recruit_character = ALB_prenk_pervizi
recruit_character = ALB_alexander_mori
recruit_character = ALB_aziz_sulejmani
recruit_character = ALB_kristo_cajupi
recruit_character = ALB_eqrem_libohova
recruit_character = ALB_zuhdi_shabani
recruit_character = ALB_rexhep_mitrovica
recruit_character = ALB_hasan_begolli
recruit_character = ALB_fiqri_dine
recruit_character = ALB_midhat_frasheri
recruit_character = ALB_jocelyn_percy


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	socialism = 10
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 35
	dictatorship = 10
	democratic = 0
	conservatism = 35
	progressism = 0
	reconcilism = 0
	fascism = 0
	destruction_system = 0
}

set_convoys = 5
set_variable = {
    var = YUM.beizhan
    value = 10
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "艾哈迈德·索古"
	desc = ""
	picture = ".jpg"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fengjian_junzhu_system
	traits = {
	}
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "谢夫克特·贝伊·沃尔拉齐"
	desc = ""
	picture = ".jpg"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = baoshou_minzhu_zhuyi
	traits = {
	}
}